moreover a hitter phils
moreover a hitter phils said to absalom na let me choose 12,000
said to absalom na let me choose 12,000
said to absalom na let me choose 12,000 men and I will arise and pursue David
men and I will arise and pursue David
men and I will arise and pursue David tonight I will come upon him while he is
tonight I will come upon him while he is
tonight I will come upon him while he is weary and weak and make him afraid and
weary and weak and make him afraid and
weary and weak and make him afraid and all the people who are with him will
all the people who are with him will
all the people who are with him will flee and I will strike only the king
flee and I will strike only the king
flee and I will strike only the king then I will bring back all the people to
then I will bring back all the people to
then I will bring back all the people to you when I'll return except the man whom
you when I'll return except the man whom
you when I'll return except the man whom you seek all the people will be at peace
you seek all the people will be at peace
you seek all the people will be at peace and the saying pleased Absalom and all
and the saying pleased Absalom and all
and the saying pleased Absalom and all the elders of Israel then epsilen said
the elders of Israel then epsilen said
the elders of Israel then epsilen said now call Hugh Shai thearc I'd also and
now call Hugh Shai thearc I'd also and
now call Hugh Shai thearc I'd also and let us hear what he says - and when hue
let us hear what he says - and when hue
let us hear what he says - and when hue schhh I came to Absalom Absalom spoke to
schhh I came to Absalom Absalom spoke to
schhh I came to Absalom Absalom spoke to him a hyssop elf has spoken in this
him a hyssop elf has spoken in this
him a hyssop elf has spoken in this manner shall we do as he says if not
manner shall we do as he says if not
manner shall we do as he says if not speak up the advice that a hither fell
speak up the advice that a hither fell
speak up the advice that a hither fell has given is not good at this time for
has given is not good at this time for
has given is not good at this time for you know your father and his men that
you know your father and his men that
you know your father and his men that they are mighty men and they are enraged
they are mighty men and they are enraged
they are mighty men and they are enraged in their minds like a bear robbed of her
in their minds like a bear robbed of her
in their minds like a bear robbed of her Cubs in the field and your father is a
Cubs in the field and your father is a
Cubs in the field and your father is a man of war and will not camp with the
man of war and will not camp with the
man of war and will not camp with the people surely by now he has hidden in
people surely by now he has hidden in
people surely by now he has hidden in some pit or in some other place and it
some pit or in some other place and it
some pit or in some other place and it will be when some of them are overthrown
will be when some of them are overthrown
will be when some of them are overthrown at the first that whoever hears it will
at the first that whoever hears it will
at the first that whoever hears it will say there is a slaughter among the
say there is a slaughter among the
say there is a slaughter among the people who follow Absalom and even he
people who follow Absalom and even he
people who follow Absalom and even he who is valiant whose heart is like the
who is valiant whose heart is like the
who is valiant whose heart is like the heart of a lion will melt complete
heart of a lion will melt complete
heart of a lion will melt complete for all Israel knows that your father is
for all Israel knows that your father is
for all Israel knows that your father is a mighty man and those who are with them
a mighty man and those who are with them
a mighty man and those who are with them are valiant men therefore I advise that
are valiant men therefore I advise that
are valiant men therefore I advise that all Israel be fully gathered to you from
all Israel be fully gathered to you from
all Israel be fully gathered to you from Dan to Beersheba like the sand that is
Dan to Beersheba like the sand that is
Dan to Beersheba like the sand that is by the sea for multitude and that you go
by the sea for multitude and that you go
by the sea for multitude and that you go to battle in person so we will come upon
to battle in person so we will come upon
to battle in person so we will come upon him in some place where he may be found
him in some place where he may be found
him in some place where he may be found and we will fall on him as the dew falls
and we will fall on him as the dew falls
and we will fall on him as the dew falls on the ground and of him and all the men
on the ground and of him and all the men
on the ground and of him and all the men who are with him there shall not be left
who are with him there shall not be left
who are with him there shall not be left so much as one moreover if he is
so much as one moreover if he is
so much as one moreover if he is withdrawn into a city then all Israel
withdrawn into a city then all Israel
withdrawn into a city then all Israel shall bring ropes to that city and we
shall bring ropes to that city and we
shall bring ropes to that city and we will pull it into the river until there
will pull it into the river until there
will pull it into the river until there is not one small stone found there so
is not one small stone found there so
is not one small stone found there so Absalom and all the men of Israel said
Absalom and all the men of Israel said
Absalom and all the men of Israel said the advice of huge IDR kite is better
the advice of huge IDR kite is better
the advice of huge IDR kite is better than the advice of a hit FM for the Lord
than the advice of a hit FM for the Lord
than the advice of a hit FM for the Lord had purposed to defeat the good advice
had purposed to defeat the good advice
had purposed to defeat the good advice of a hither fell to the intent that the
of a hither fell to the intent that the
of a hither fell to the intent that the Lord might bring disaster on Absalom
Lord might bring disaster on Absalom
Lord might bring disaster on Absalom then hue schhh I said to zadok and
then hue schhh I said to zadok and
then hue schhh I said to zadok and abiathar the priests thus and so I hid
abiathar the priests thus and so I hid
abiathar the priests thus and so I hid the fell advised Absalom and the elders
the fell advised Absalom and the elders
the fell advised Absalom and the elders of Israel and the sinned so I have
of Israel and the sinned so I have
of Israel and the sinned so I have advised now therefore send quickly and
advised now therefore send quickly and
advised now therefore send quickly and tell David saying do not spend this
tell David saying do not spend this
tell David saying do not spend this night in the plains of the wilderness
night in the plains of the wilderness
night in the plains of the wilderness but speedily cross over lest the king
but speedily cross over lest the king
but speedily cross over lest the king and all the people who are with him be
and all the people who are with him be
and all the people who are with him be swallowed up now Jonathan and AHIMA has
swallowed up now Jonathan and AHIMA has
swallowed up now Jonathan and AHIMA has stayed at an roku for they dared not be
stayed at an roku for they dared not be
stayed at an roku for they dared not be seen coming into the city so a female
seen coming into the city so a female
seen coming into the city so a female servant would come and tell them and
servant would come and tell them and
servant would come and tell them and they would go and tell King David
they would go and tell King David
they would go and tell King David nevertheless a lad saw them and told
nevertheless a lad saw them and told
nevertheless a lad saw them and told Absalom but both of them went away
Absalom but both of them went away
Absalom but both of them went away quickly and came to a man's house in
quickly and came to a man's house in
quickly and came to a man's house in bahurim
bahurim
bahurim who had a well in his court and they
who had a well in his court and they
who had a well in his court and they went down into it then the woman took
went down into it then the woman took
went down into it then the woman took and spread a covering over the wells
and spread a covering over the wells
and spread a covering over the wells mouth and spread ground grain on it and
mouth and spread ground grain on it and
mouth and spread ground grain on it and a thing was not known and when Absalom
a thing was not known and when Absalom
a thing was not known and when Absalom servants came to the woman of the house
servants came to the woman of the house
servants came to the woman of the house they said where are a him as and
they said where are a him as and
they said where are a him as and Jonathan they have gone over the water
Jonathan they have gone over the water
Jonathan they have gone over the water brook and when they had searched and
brook and when they had searched and
brook and when they had searched and could not find them they returned to
could not find them they returned to
could not find them they returned to Jerusalem now it came to pass after they
Jerusalem now it came to pass after they
Jerusalem now it came to pass after they had departed that they came up out of
had departed that they came up out of
had departed that they came up out of the well and went and told King David
the well and went and told King David
the well and went and told King David arise and cross over the water quickly
arise and cross over the water quickly
arise and cross over the water quickly for thus has a atha fell advised against
for thus has a atha fell advised against
for thus has a atha fell advised against you so David and all the people who were
you so David and all the people who were
you so David and all the people who were with him arose and crossed over the
with him arose and crossed over the
with him arose and crossed over the Jordan
by morning light not one of them was
by morning light not one of them was left who had not gone over the Jordan
left who had not gone over the Jordan
left who had not gone over the Jordan now when a hitter fell saw that his
now when a hitter fell saw that his
now when a hitter fell saw that his advice was not followed he saddled a
advice was not followed he saddled a
advice was not followed he saddled a donkey and arose and went home to his
donkey and arose and went home to his
donkey and arose and went home to his house to his city then he put his
house to his city then he put his
house to his city then he put his household in order and hanged himself
household in order and hanged himself
household in order and hanged himself and died and he was buried in his
and died and he was buried in his
and died and he was buried in his father's tomb then David went to man
father's tomb then David went to man
father's tomb then David went to man name and Absalom crossed over the Jordan
name and Absalom crossed over the Jordan
name and Absalom crossed over the Jordan he and all the men of Israel with him
he and all the men of Israel with him
he and all the men of Israel with him and Absalom made a mesa captain of the
and Absalom made a mesa captain of the
and Absalom made a mesa captain of the army instead of Joe had this am a
army instead of Joe had this am a
army instead of Joe had this am a service the son of a man whose name was
service the son of a man whose name was
service the son of a man whose name was Jeffrey an Israelite who had gone in to
Jeffrey an Israelite who had gone in to
Jeffrey an Israelite who had gone in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash sister of
Abigail the daughter of Nahash sister of
Abigail the daughter of Nahash sister of Zahra aya Joe ABS mother so Israel and
Zahra aya Joe ABS mother so Israel and
Zahra aya Joe ABS mother so Israel and Absalom encamped in the land of Gilead
Absalom encamped in the land of Gilead
Absalom encamped in the land of Gilead now it happened when David had come to
now it happened when David had come to
now it happened when David had come to me a name that show by the son of Nebat
me a name that show by the son of Nebat
me a name that show by the son of Nebat of the people of Ammon maker the son of
of the people of Ammon maker the son of
of the people of Ammon maker the son of a meal from Lodi BER and barzillai the
a meal from Lodi BER and barzillai the
a meal from Lodi BER and barzillai the gileadite from Rhode Island brought beds
gileadite from Rhode Island brought beds
gileadite from Rhode Island brought beds and basins earthen vessels and wheat
and basins earthen vessels and wheat
and basins earthen vessels and wheat barley and flour parched grain and beans
barley and flour parched grain and beans
barley and flour parched grain and beans lentils and parched seeds honey and
lentils and parched seeds honey and
lentils and parched seeds honey and curds sheep and cheese of the herd for
curds sheep and cheese of the herd for
curds sheep and cheese of the herd for David and the people who were with him
David and the people who were with him
David and the people who were with him to eat for they said the people are
to eat for they said the people are
to eat for they said the people are hungry and weary and thirsty in the
hungry and weary and thirsty in the
hungry and weary and thirsty in the wilderness